{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author LabManager}
{\*\company CoCoDev Lab Rutgers University}}\margr810\margb630\margt360\vieww19800\viewh13380\viewkind1\viewscale125
\deftab720
\pard\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri90\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Adult Consent Form \'97 Online\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sb120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Participant,\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sb120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You have been asked to participate in a project being conducted by a research team at Rutgers University, under the direction of Dr. Elizabeth Bonawitz and Dr. Vanessa LoBue. We are interested in how people are able to learn so much about the different objects they encounter in the world around them. We are currently studying individuals\'92 learning and development in multiple domains, including emotional, cognitive, and conceptual.\
Your session will last approximately 10 to 60 minutes. In most cases, we will only ask to see you for one, but possibly several brief sessions. During the session, you will be presented with objects or images, you may watch a video clip, perform a computer task, read brief paragraphs, look at pictures, and/or answer a series of questionnaires. You may be asked to make judgments, answer questions (such as making predictions and providing explanations), learn from and teach others, observe events as well as perform actions such as moving or reaching toward certain objects, grouping objects, or activating toys. There are no "right or wrong\'94 responses to any of these questions or tasks\'97we simply want to find out how people approach objects and situations. Please note that you are NOT being evaluated academically or psychologically, we are simply conducting basic research.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 If you consent to participate, the experiment will begin. If you wish to stop at any time, you can exit out of your browser and the experiment will be discontinued immediately. You may also refrain from answering any questions that make you uncomfortable. If you wish to stop at any time, we will immediately end the session without penalty. Note that if you are affiliated with Rutgers University, declining to participate will not effect your standing or enrollment. There are no foreseeable risks to participation in this study. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sb120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The results of our studies are always reported in the form of group averages and individuals are not identifiable. The data we collect is confidential, and we do not disclose results from any individual participant to parents, subjects, or the university. The research records may include some information about you (including age, gender, phone number, and address) and this information will be stored in such a manner that some linkage between your identity and your responses in the research exists. Please note that we will keep this information confidential by limiting individuals' access to the research data and keeping it in a secure location. The research team and the Institutional Review Board at Rutgers University are the only parties that will be allowed to see the data, except as may be required by law. If a report of this study is published, or the results are presented at a professional conference, only group results will be reported. All study data will be kept for at least three years. \
Your participation in our study would be greatly appreciated. If you have any questions about the project please feel free to contact us at the Department of Psychology, 101 Warren Street, Newark, NJ 07102, Tel: 973-353-2702, 973-353-3938. If there are any questions regarding your rights as a research subject, please contact the Institutional Review Board at Liberty Plaza-Suite 3200, 335 George Street, 3rd Floor, New Brunswick, NJ 08901, Tel: 848-932-0150. \
If you agree to participate, please click the consent button below. Thank you very much for your time and consideration. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sb120\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sb120\qc\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sb120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 By selecting the \'93consent\'94 button below, I acknowledge that I am 18 or older, have read this consent form, and I agree to take part in the Learning, Perception, and Belief Revision in Infants, Children, and Adults project conducted by the research laboratories of Dr. Elizabeth Bonawitz and Dr. Vanessa LoBue.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sa120\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 <<CONSENT>>
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sa120\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 If you do NOT agree to participate in this study, please click the decline button below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-1080\ri0\sa120\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 <<DECLINE>>\
\pard\tx810\tx900\tqr\tx9360\pardeftab720\ri86\sl360\slmult1\sb60\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
}